WRQ-19328: Fix React 18.3 warnings in storybook-utils (#74)
enactjs/storybook-utils: CHANGELOG.md

## unreleased

> * Fixed `mergeComponentMetadata` function to get defaultProps and defaultPropValues of components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed controls to take default prop values from `defaultPropValues` since `defaultProps` in function component has been deprecated.
```

Author: It's updated.
